The capital city of Afghanistan is Kabul.
The capital city of Albania is Tirana (Tirane).
The capital city of Algeria is Algiers.
The capital city of Andorra is Andorra la Vella.
The capital city of Angola is Luanda.
The capital city of Antigua and Barbuda is Saint John's.
The capital city of Argentina is Buenos Aires.
The capital city of Armenia is Yerevan.
The capital city of Australia is Canberra.
The capital city of Austria is Vienna.
The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The capital city of Bahamas is Nassau.
The capital city of Bahrain is Manama.
The capital city of Bangladesh is Dhaka.
The capital city of Barbados is Bridgetown.
The capital city of Belarus is Minsk.
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels.
The capital city of Belize is Belmopan.
The capital city of Benin is Porto Novo.
The capital city of Bhutan is Thimphu.
The capital city of Bolivia is Sucre.
The capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina is Sarajevo.
The capital city of Botswana is Gaborone.
The capital city of Brazil is Brasilia.
The capital city of Brunei is Bandar Seri Begawan.
The capital city of Bulgaria is Sofia.
The capital city of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou.
The capital city of Burundi is Gitega.
The capital city of Cambodia is Phnom Penh.
The capital city of Cameroon is Yaounde.
The capital city of Canada is Ottawa.
The capital city of Cape Verde is Praia.
The capital city of Central African Republic is Bangui.
The capital city of Chad is N'Djamena.
The capital city of Chile is Santiago.
The capital city of China is Beijing.
The capital city of Colombia is Bogota.
The capital city of Comoros is Moroni.
The capital city of Congo, Democratic Republic of the is Kinshasa.
The capital city of Congo, Republic of the is Brazzaville.
The capital city of Costa Rica is San Jose.
The capital city of Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) is Yamoussoukro.
The capital city of Croatia is Zagreb.
The capital city of Cuba is Havana.
The capital city of Cyprus is Nicosia.
The capital city of Czech Republic (Czechia) is Prague.
The capital city of Denmark is Copenhagen.
The capital city of Djibouti is Djibouti.
The capital city of Dominica is Roseau.
The capital city of Dominican Republic is Santo Domingo.
The capital city of East Timor is Dili.
The capital city of Ecuador is Quito.
The capital city of Egypt is Cairo.
The capital city of El Salvador is San Salvador.
The capital city of England is London.
The capital city of Equatorial Guinea is Malabo.
The capital city of Eritrea is Asmara.
The capital city of Estonia is Tallinn.
The capital city of Eswatini (Swaziland) is Mbabana.
The capital city of Ethiopia is Addis Ababa.
The capital city of Federated States of Micronesia is Palikir.
The capital city of Fiji is Suva.
The capital city of Finland is Helsinki.
The capital city of France is Paris.
The capital city of Gabon is Libreville.
The capital city of Gambia is Banjul.
The capital city of Georgia is Tbilisi.
The capital city of Germany is Berlin.
The capital city of Ghana is Accra.
The capital city of Greece is Athens.
The capital city of Grenada is Saint George's.
The capital city of Guatemala is Guatemala City.
The capital city of Guinea is Conakry.
The capital city of Guinea-Bissau is Bissau.
The capital city of Guyana is Georgetown.
The capital city of Haiti is Port au Prince.
The capital city of Honduras is Tegucigalpa.
The capital city of Hungary is Budapest.
The capital city of Iceland is Reykjavik.
The capital city of India is New Delhi.
The capital city of Indonesia is Jakarta.
The capital city of Iran is Tehran.
The capital city of Iraq is Baghdad.
The capital city of Ireland is Dublin.
The capital city of Israel is Jerusalem.
The capital city of Italy is Rome.
The capital city of Jamaica is Kingston.
The capital city of Japan is Tokyo.
The capital city of Jordan is Amman.
The capital city of Kazakhstan is Nur-Sultan.
The capital city of Kenya is Nairobi.
The capital city of Kiribati is Tarawa Atoll.
The capital city of Kosovo is Pristina.
The capital city of Kuwait is Kuwait City.
The capital city of Kyrgyzstan is Bishkek.
The capital city of Laos is Vientiane.
The capital city of Latvia is Riga.
The capital city of Lebanon is Beirut.
The capital city of Lesotho is Maseru.
The capital city of Liberia is Monrovia.
The capital city of Libya is Tripoli.
The capital city of Liechtenstein is Vaduz.
The capital city of Lithuania is Vilnius.
The capital city of Luxembourg is Luxembourg.
The capital city of Madagascar is Antananarivo.
The capital city of Malawi is Lilongwe.
The capital city of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
The capital city of Maldives is Male.
The capital city of Mali is Bamako.
The capital city of Malta is Valletta.
The capital city of Marshall Islands is Majuro.
The capital city of Mauritania is Nouakchott.
The capital city of Mauritius is Port Louis.
The capital city of Mexico is Mexico City.
The capital city of Moldova is Chisinau.
The capital city of Monaco is Monaco.
The capital city of Mongolia is Ulaanbaatar.
The capital city of Montenegro is Podgorica.
The capital city of Morocco is Rabat.
The capital city of Mozambique is Maputo.
The capital city of Myanmar (Burma) is Nay Pyi Taw.
The capital city of Namibia is Windhoek.
The capital city of Nauru is No official capital.
The capital city of Nepal is Kathmandu.
The capital city of Netherlands is Amsterdam.
The capital city of New Zealand is Wellington.
The capital city of Nicaragua is Managua.
The capital city of Niger is Niamey.
The capital city of Nigeria is Abuja.
The capital city of North Korea is Pyongyang.
The capital city of North Macedonia (Macedonia) is Skopje.
The capital city of Northern Ireland is Belfast.
The capital city of Norway is Oslo.
The capital city of Oman is Muscat.
The capital city of Pakistan is Islamabad.
The capital city of Palau is Melekeok.
The capital city of Panama is Panama City.
The capital city of Papua New Guinea is Port Moresby.
The capital city of Paraguay is Asuncion.
The capital city of Peru is Lima.
The capital city of Philippines is Manila.
The capital city of Poland is Warsaw.
The capital city of Portugal is Lisbon.
The capital city of Qatar is Doha.
The capital city of Romania is Bucharest.
The capital city of Russia is Moscow.
The capital city of Rwanda is Kigali.
The capital city of Saint Kitts and Nevis is Basseterre.
The capital city of Saint Lucia is Castries.
The capital city of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is Kingstown.
The capital city of Samoa is Apia.
The capital city of San Marino is San Marino.
The capital city of Sao Tome and Principe is Sao Tome.
The capital city of Saudi Arabia is Riyadh.
The capital city of Scotland is Edinburgh.
The capital city of Senegal is Dakar.
The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.
The capital city of Seychelles is Victoria.
The capital city of Sierra Leone is Freetown.
The capital city of Singapore is Singapore.
The capital city of Slovakia is Bratislava.
The capital city of Slovenia is Ljubljana.
The capital city of Solomon Islands is Honiara.
The capital city of Somalia is Mogadishu.
The capital city of South Africa is Pretoria, Bloemfontein, Cape Town.
The capital city of South Korea is Seoul.
The capital city of South Sudan is Juba.
The capital city of Spain is Madrid.
The capital city of Sri Lanka is Colombo.
The capital city of Sudan is Khartoum.
The capital city of Suriname is Paramaribo.
The capital city of Sweden is Stockholm.
The capital city of Switzerland is Bern.
The capital city of Syria is Damascus.
The capital city of Taiwan is Taipei.
The capital city of Tajikistan is Dushanbe.
The capital city of Tanzania is Dodoma.
The capital city of Thailand is Bangkok.
The capital city of Togo is Lome.
The capital city of Tonga is Nuku'alofa.
The capital city of Trinidad and Tobago is Port of Spain.
The capital city of Tunisia is Tunis.
The capital city of Turkey is Ankara.
The capital city of Turkmenistan is Ashgabat.
The capital city of Tuvalu is Funafuti.
The capital city of Uganda is Kampala.
The capital city of Ukraine is Kiev.
The capital city of United Arab Emirates is Abu Dhabi.
The capital city of United Kingdom is London.
The capital city of United States is Washington D.C..
The capital city of Uruguay is Montevideo.
The capital city of Uzbekistan is Tashkent.
The capital city of Vanuatu is Port Vila.
The capital city of Vatican City is Vatican City.
The capital city of Venezuela is Caracas.
The capital city of Vietnam is Hanoi.
The capital city of Wales is Cardiff.
The capital city of Yemen is Sana'a.
The capital city of Zambia is Lusaka.
The capital city of Zimbabwe is Harare.
